i had some trouble with the first few weeks so i have had a slow start. then Rob told me my canvas is bad so i had to restart from scratch. I pretty much started this project fresh last Wednesday. and the project completion just always seems so out of reach. I have tried asking for help on this project from the TAs, and while not getting any answers at all i think they also avoided me on purpose. i don't now why everyone kept so secretive about this project. pretty much all I had to work with is Rob's template. what's most puzzling are what the expectationss are.
so summarize, my most troublesome task is dealing with time management. I don't know how all other students managed to do 
this assignment


known bugs:
there are no highscores tracked. the button does nothing. do i need cookies for that?
can't drag ships to the right while covering itself. the original image doesn't appear to move while dragging.
can't make ship change directions while in water. (un-clickable)
graphic is bad. can see cropped out corners from the start screen.


during battle:
user can click the same enemy tile multiple times and also drag own ships. (i think those are easy fix)
user can accidently click on the tile border, this will cause the border to change color, and the pc will recognize this as a turn.
the banner on the top doesn't display correctly. pc moves in an instant while ignoring set timeout.

definitely needs further testing. i htink random clicking may break the program too. i didn't test it enough.

things i want to change other than coding style:
how do i highlight only part of the image that will be pushed into the div while dragging? 
my ships looks like literal garbage or tiny fishes.

some questions:
i am not sure if i can use new codes i don't quite understand yet in my program. like..http://jsfiddle.net/nGRwt/7/
or just install some plugins(libraries) that does the desired functions for me.


all the help i got:
a big thanks to professor Rob's code: https://codepen.io/rob0t7/pen/odOgGW?editors=0110
and a bunch others mostly from w3schools. like drag and drop:
https://www.w3schools.com/html/tryit.asp?filename=tryhtml5_draganddrop2
and the part with keys values. i don't remember where i got it from.